we're really excited to be able to play
Miami's Kunia Lawford organization but
more importantly we think just a good
first step
clutch dinner they ended a legacy I'm
joined right now by Sebastian Park who
runs clutch on a day-to-day basis I
guess is a good week to week month to
month it's a lot of weeks in LA a lot of
weeks in LA but it seems like they're
worth it all the coverage here presented
by Omni slash we're gonna be talking
about what just went down so first off
everybody including myself was like ah
this is gonna be a one-sided thing I
rolled in at the second game after
watching it on my phone and at home
thinking like I'm just gonna go home
because it's TSM always makes finals you
guys have now officially ended that
legacy were you confident the whole time
sure no I mean like like the TSM is a
great team generally speaking
historically but you know we we said
this entire week right this entire week
we're like look the advantage they have
usually just aren't there all the time
right so usually they have you know
Reggie and a lot of other people
involved they're usually coming and very
strong and if you're coming in very
strong and you have all the same players
I played the previous split sure you
have a longer experience but you know
they had three new people on their team
yeah completely new coach they're a
different management structure it goes
it felt to us that we had just the best
shot at being TSM as we were being
anyone else yeah and you guys did it
what is it like what's it been like for
the player cuz you were backstage with
all these guys right afterwards like how
much are they popping off cuz they
there's a quiet group of guys normally
ya know we were excited like we when
when Debbie you know flashed in with
assault we like the coaching staffs are
running and sprinting out there everyone
was just hugging and laughing and really
joyous like Apollo was like so
emotionally driven right like goes it's
a huge win for us right like I think for
us especially because you know we had
such a rough end of split last week that
like it took a lot of time just like
mentally reset and be prepared for this
week and I'm just really glad we were
able to do it yeah
I was joking with Steve yesterday in an
interview about their victory over cloud
9 and he was he joked and said well
obviously cloud 9 lost the off season
kind of bringing back that meme but
today I'm honestly I kind of feel like
you guys won the offseason because you
picked up a lot of players we did that
interview before the start you guys
picked you picked up a lot of players
that people didn't really believe in I
assume you paid dramatically less than
some of the teams that maybe already got
out you know firm that we paid less and
Steve that's definitely true right so
but I mean you so you guys picked up
like a pretty valuable roster and built
it off of not you know giant names and
big brands and big salaries so for you
you know do you feel like this is a
pretty big success so far do you do you
need more to feel like you've really
cemented yourself look I mean I I've
been pretty happy since we made playoffs
when we talked before the season started
or before it split started I said we
were like somewhere between third and
seventh and so when we finished
you know implants we clinched playoffs
in week seven that's great right like we
do that come to week nine we lose a
couple tiebreakers I really don't matter
because like a hundred thieves has won
their game so we're just playing three
four five six we didn't really care
about having sights like seeing Game
five right that's the only real
difference so we're pretty confident at
that point but ya know this is a this is
big for us like we're really happy to be
in the semis to be going to Miami and to
you know really get additional stage
experience for all of our guys right
like Haku oh I think proves some of our
points week after week day after day
where he just hits everything we're
really happy that he's able to show that
on stage and then if we can transition
the stage play into more games I think
we gonna be in good shape for Miami and
then hopefully good shape or summer
split has become a bit of a meme as well
for clutch gaming that you know the
analytics meme like that you guys are so
stats driven and some people say that's
not the case or whatever but you know
you talked a lot to me about how you
guys had a very methodical process in
building this roster at the you know
start of during the offseason before all
this started off how much do you think
that played into sort of having this
lineup of really solid guys at the end
of the day we played as a team that
matters a lot I think often there are so
many lazy journalists and lazy writers
to point analytics or claim that hey
they understand you'll have chemistry
don't have like a glue guy that's all bs
like that doesn't actually mean anything
people saying that that thing can't
carry are full of the - they're not
clearly not
watching the same games we are and so
you know from that sense they should
look at some of the stats so they can
get better sense of an understanding of
the game but for everyone else right
like they're completely right like we're
we're trying our hardest to have a good
draft we're trying our hardest up good
players in the right position and then
we're trying to find people both in our
Academy League as well as their LCS
League that are being undervalued but in
that they are the best of that position
as opposed to merely the middle of the
pack and so that's sort of what we've
been focused on trying to improve week
after week and this flat display we were
chatting a little bit before this
interview and you mentioned that you
actually played cards against Andy din
before the start of this weekend yeah
that's true that way Nosa we play a
quick game and you know Andy every time
you one would just yell analytics at me
and so I come I got my shot in at the
end fortunately yeah did you see him
after this match no I haven't actually
haven't seen I haven't seen Andy you
know quite honestly TSM such a strong
brand organization and team I'm sure
they're gonna do super well come you
know summers play but fortunately for us
we don't have to deal with them in Miami
yeah oh hey look at the hey buddy
speaking of Andy din how's it going
clutch attacked me and beat me up last
night and that's why my face is bruised
up were you were you up that was like a
sunburn a clutch staff member beat me up
last night Sebastian pride his name is
Sebastian Park this guy robbed me on my
poker pro he kept beating me in every
hand what do you think is more salty
right now the seaweed or the person
eating it eating seaweed joke no I got
it I'm like I don't know what kind of
seaweed it is you know like it might be
the like low-sodium car think you're
missing the joke
Andy is Andy's definitely on a diet and
so like I'm all for him eating seaweed
over stress eating like unhealthy stuff
like Cheetos just my day right so okay
so you're headed off to Miami now well
we're here for one more week so we have
to win semis and then play in the final
right but either way you are going to
Miami yeah we are as of now you're you
get to go and and
what's it mean for you to be able to
play on the main stage got to feel
pretty good for all the guys that
invested in this at the start of
franchising yeah I mean look once we
once the game mind then we were running
around you know Darrell gave me a call
liked ad called all these Michael forty
that's here watching him person like
we're really excited to be able to play
Miami it's going to be a lot for the
organization but more importantly we
think it's a good first step right like
winning summers winning springs play or
even top placing top four is a good
first step in the right direction we
still have to improve to be able to keep
up with these guys in summer because
these guys are gonna get better no one's
gonna get worse in the summer splay yeah
we'll see you know it's in ALCS there's
a lot of exciting things that can happen
I think look if you look at Team Liquid
you look really good right now like they
look like the best team in the world
sometimes it look like it's like diamond
King zone sometimes so I think our level
plays going up and so it's going to be
important for all of you orgs
would be that's right the other nine
franchise orcs it improve for summer you
face hundred teams now I believe that's
what they tell me yeah yeah that's what
that's what they tell me what do you
think your chances are against their
u-verse nadeshot who would who would win
in a battle oh man if it's a shooter
hundred percent a hundred percent
nature would crushed me in every
shooting game I mean you were you were
supposedly able to sabotage Andy
yesterday by taking him on a fight
you're gonna you know hunt down nadeshot
this week that looks like a sunburn cuz
if that's the case I'll just have to
take nage
to go to the beach like I think our
chances against hundred these are pretty
good I think they're a really solid team
they're really playing through some day
they're giving them some real
interesting picks their bot lane has
been solid all season long but you know
if you look at who they picked for MVP
or first team na LCS we have a lot of
respect for us as well so we're gonna
keep playing the underdog we're gonna
keep pushing to get advantages where we
can and we're gonna have a really good
week of preparation like our guys I mean
celebrate tonight we can go really hard
and then come Monday and the rest of the
week we can practice and practice and
get ready 400 these anything you want to
say to any of the clutch fans out there
yeah I mean thanks for supporting us you
guys have been incredibly great I've
been incredibly enthusiastic and excited
for all the stuff you guys post on ready
that I'm stuff that you guys do for us
and I'm more importantly like this is
just you expect more from us right like
this is what I expect from our
and I hope our fans expect the same well
there was a really cool picture that I
snapped of TSM fan in a jersey going up
and asking for pictures of the Paulo and
Jaco right after the game as they were
coming off the stage so maybe a good
sign for for clutches you guys steal
even more of the fans coming in as you
guys succeed yeah I mean look we don't
need a steal fans we just need to grow
the pie that's all I'm saying
doesn't doesn't hurt when more people
are buying your March for the other
estar is apparently buying a jacket
yeah looks car I'm just saying
you promised to the Internet you got buy
a jacket buy one for me too okay there
you go free I think you can get two for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things East worse
right here on my youtube channel
hey so Travis doesn't check any of these
he just uploads whatever I put in a
folder for him so I figured now it's
probably a good time to plug my my
Twitter my Instagram once again how to
spell BR o di n PL e TT Broden plat
pretty easy to find me I'm pretty sure
I'm the only one yeah this conference
brought to you by Omni slash